hi guys hi YouTube I'm here again
basically I'm going to show you guys my
hair as you can see I'm in the kitchen
so please only when a rule comments or
anything like that this is the only good
lighting I have as of right now so let's
get started this hair oh my god this
hair I don't know where the start about
this hair I'm in love with this hair
anyway this is the forehead Soudan with
a visible part at the top you guys could
see that you guys like my lashes using
individuals if you guys want to do
tutorial on them I will love to okay
back to my hair so I have flexi rod this
so I'm just going to pick them out right
this
she's very long through the other side
I'm just going to do one side I'm sorry
guys tomorrow I'll do outfit of the day
or something so you can see the whole
hat folks I just wanted you guys to see
this beautiful hair
one more hasn't been more than two hours
since I put this on so needs to stay a
little bit more so it could get a couple
more week I'm going to stand out so that
you guys could see how long she is this
is a 24 inch 18 and a couple 16 she
slept right here well my brother's yep
she's long she beautiful
I know I'm so sorry I don't want to take
up other side yes okay and needs a
couple more curls as you can see it's
not that curly but I just wanted to show
you guys just beautiful yeah it's still
a little wet and damp cuz I went it and
put the flaps around so is a little thin
right now but yeah this is nice you girl
okay save some for tomorrow when I'll be
going to the city tomorrow morning so I
will do outfit of the day and I will let
my whole hair down so you guys could see
it if you have any questions please
leave them below in the comments and
remember I'm new to YouTube I don't know
if it is like that so please don't be
mean or whatever thank you guys for
watching have a good day bye